If you managed to find it and If I ever stopped updating this and if you can't find me on steam,emails or via any other media 
you'll know I am dead. I am a student of Barishal university in Bangladesh. At the time of publishing this there is a riot going on
our country. It all started as a student protest because govt has reserved 56% Quota for the great grand children of the people 
of the people who were freedom fighters in 1971. Initially the quota was reserved only for freedom fighters and 30%. since everyone 
loved freedom fighters people at that time were very happy with it. Soon the govt sstarted reservinng this for their children, and now
great grand childern. Now why is this a problem? First there's 56%-upto 82% quota on first class govt jobs. then there's the fact that
only a handful of people can get the job and they only circular in short lists in such a way that most o the jobs goes to quota holders.
This still wouldn't be a problem if everyone was ordinary citizen/real decendents of the freedom fighters. There's 60000 fake 
freedom fighters identified and guess what most are from their party or chatro leage (their bought out goons party)no one likes them in 
the country. Most of this goes to their political party supportrs awami league. Then there's a very solid proof of corruption on circular 
of these jobs. on top of quota upto 90% are gone due to corruption. So, you understand why it's a problem. 

So, now students want to get rid of this quota system as there are no freedom fighters left and only giving jobs to them is a 
discrimination. And almost no one wants this system in the country. Yes 99.5% don't want it. including most original descendents of
freedom fighters. So, we protest. And what does govt do? they fire at us. 200 students died. They claim it was because students
broke the metro station. But it's proven no student broke metro. It was their chatro league party that they staged to break the
metro and blame at students. So, they used helicopters to brush fire at students comitting the crime against humanity. 

And they shut down internet for 6 days at picked up a lot of students at night and tortured them or killed them. 
Spreading false news, censorship and comitting more violations of human rights. So, here we were no choice but to go against govt. 
Asking for 9 demands. which are very just.

1. prime minister sheikh hasina has to take blame for shooting and killing students and publicly apologize to the whole nation.

2. For misusing law enforcement defense minister Asadujjaman khan kamal and transport minister obaidul quader must resign
from ministry and party and must be taken actions according to law against themm.

3. any police staff,dig, police super that were related to student killings.

4. proctors of DU, JU and RU must resign for helping chatro league commit crimes against protesting students.

5. police who were involved in killings must be held accountable and  must be trialed.

6. Family of students must earn compensation for their death,

7. Student politics (chatro league) must be banned from universities. No student can join any student politics.

8. All universities and halls must be opened without any delay.

9.Any student who took part in quota movement cannot be trialed for their just demands.


But there's also another reason. They want to make the country like north korea. Yes it's true. I'll give you a few examples
parlament bans other political parties, proposes that we pay taxes if we want to travel between one district to another, 
proposes that every people that went outside the country for work be mandatory to send a minimum fixed amount of money
or they'll revoke their their citizenship. Doesn't matter if they get locked in other country. The prces have gone skyrocketing
because most dealers are the ministers. And they control food import. or 3rd party dealership and artificially raise prices.
I don't want my country to be the dystopia of 1984. I don't know what will happen but wwe can't just sit back. If we stop now 
"future will be bleak"
Goodybe

Rakib Ryan
